Chief Medical Officer
Chief Medical Officer

Alodokter.com is the #1 online health platform in Indonesia with more than 6 million unique monthly visitors in Indonesia. We believe that medical knowledge can help people take better decision for their personal and family health. We provide reliable content about health, well-being and family for the general public. Our doctor team has also answered more than 30,000 user questions in our platform.
Alodokter is backed by some of the most respected venture capital firms in South-East Asia and was listed in December 2015 by Forbes as one of the 20 startups to watch in 2016 worldwide.
http://www.forbes.com/sites/tanyaprive/2015/12/22/20-startups-to-watch-in-2016/3/
In 2016, Alodokter will expand to Malaysia and Thailand and will develop a new disruptive telemedicine app for the South East Asian markets.

What you will do

We are looking for a Chief Medical Officer to help us become one of the reference worldwide for non-English medical content directed to patients.
You will ensure the medical excellence of our website and app in Indonesia and to set strong medical process for our expansion to other countries in the region. We offer a unique opportunity to have a positive impact on the health of tens of millions of people. You will work with doctors from different nationality. Your main objectives will be:
Set strong medical process to ensure medical accuracy and quality of all our articles online. Set process to enhance quality of our doctor chat app in Indonesia
Collaborate with local doctors to implement those process
Review regularly the quality of Alodokter new content
Set and implement standards for our doctors recruitment
Lead recruitment of key doctors in managerial position
Travel regularly across South East Asia to directly interact with our medical team
Become the medical face of the companyOur objective is to become one the reference worldwide for non-English medical content directed to patients.

Who we are looking for

We are looking for a super-motivated doctor that genuinely believe that online health information can help millions of people to take better decision for their health and their family health. The skills we are looking for are the following:Medical degree from a renowned university. Excellent medical knowledge is required.
Public health degree is not required but is a plus
Fluent written and spoken English is required. Perfect understanding of English medical scientific literature. Our content is in local language but daily interaction will be in English.
Fluency in either Indonesian, Malay or Thai is not required but is a plus
Strong writing skills. Experience in medical journalism is not required but is a plus
Ability to explain in simple words complex medical problems
Genuinely curious and always interested in knowing the most updated medical news
Genuinely motivated to influence positively the lives of tens of millions of people
Proven ability to work in multi-cultural teams

What we offer

We will offer the following to the selected candidate:Medical insurance: International medical insurance provided
Location: Jakarta, Indonesia
Amazing opportunity to build one of the largest medical media in the world.